DO NOT MERGE - nagger warning for helm clean up resources (#1105)
hmcts/cnp-jenkins-library: README.md

#### Clear Helm Release

By default your helm resources are uninstalled to free up resources on the cluster, you can keep these resources by adding the **enable-helm** label on your PR.  

> Note that clearing the helm release won't deny you access to the pods logs, as they are saved as artefacts in Jenkins before the helm release is cleared.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Pod logs as are saved as artefacts in Jenkins before the helm release is cleared.
```

> As the behaviour is now mandatory, we have deprecated the **enableCleanupOfHelmReleaseOnSuccess** & **enableCleanupOfHelmReleaseAlways** flags within the Jenkins library and a warning will be sent until the 31st August 23, there after it will fail in the pipeline.

Reviewer: I don't think this is needed, these docs get stale quickly

```suggestion
```

#### Clear Helm Release

- By default your Helm resources are uninstalled to free up resources on the cluster.

> - You can keep these resources by adding the **enable_keep_helm** label on your PR.

Reviewer: the below line doesn't look right, it says it's for master but won't it do it for master and PRs?

Reviewer 2: See https://github.com/hmcts/cnp-jenkins-library/pull/1105/commits/4455041bfbe163baef2605c89fe6e574dc81f29f

> - If u want to keep the resources for master build, you can add below flag to Jenkinsfile_CNP

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- If you want to keep the resources for master build, you can add the below flag to Jenkinsfile_CNP
```

  ```
  withPipeline(type, product, component) {

>   ...

Reviewer: 🚫 disableCleanupOfHelmReleaseAlways doesn't seem to exist as far as I can tell?

>   disableCleanupOfHelmReleaseAlways()

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    disableCleanupOfHelmReleaseAlways()
```

  ...
  }
  ```

> Please note that Pod logs as are saved as artefacts in Jenkins before the Helm release is cleared.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please note that Pod logs are saved as artefacts in Jenkins before the Helm release is cleared.
```
